Decrease default interval between garbage collection runs, and add documentation (#649)
transparency-dev/static-ct: cmd/tesseract/README.md

The `garbage_collection_interval` flag controls Tessera's Garbage Collection.
It controls how often Tessera scans for partial tiles and entry bundles, and
deletes them if a matching full tile or entry bundle has been published. Each
storage implementation keeps track of the highest entry index that was garbage
collected. Every `garbage_collection_interval`, Tessera pre-computes the potential
paths of [100](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Atransparency-dev%2Ftessera+maxBundlesPerRun&type=code)
partial entry bundle and partial tile directories. It then attempts to delete them
one after another. If a path resolves to an existing partial entry bundle or tile

> directory, it is deleted. Otherwise, nothing happens and it moves to the next one.

Reviewer: This is a bit focused on POSIX, maybe a more general description could be something like:

_Tessera examines the log sequentially in chunks, one chunk per `garbage_collection_interval`, removing any obsolete partial resources found within the current chunk. Currently, each chunk is defined as up-to 100 entry bundles along with the vertical "slice" of the merkle tree which covers these bundles._

To ensure that garbage collection is cleaning the log faster than it grows, 
`100*256/garbage_collection_interval` must be higher than the log's throughput.

> If garbage collection was turned off, and is then turned on, it will take

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If garbage collection was disabled, and is later re-enabled, it will take
```
